[DOC-9604] Update remaining installation instructions to rely on the Releases page (#18826)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/v24.2/install-cockroachdb-windows.md

<section id="download-the-binary-windows" markdown="1" class="install-option">
<h2 id="install-binary">Download the executable</h2>

You can download and install CockroachDB for Windows in two ways. Either:

- (Recommended) Visit [Releases]({% link releases/index.md %}) to download the CockroachDB {{ page.version.version }} archive for Windows. The archive contains the `cockroach.exe` binary. Extract the archive and optionally copy the `cockroach.exe` binary into your `PATH` so you can execute [cockroach commands]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/cockroach-commands.md %}) from any shell.

- Instead of downloading the binary directly, you can follow these steps to use PowerShell to download and install CockroachDB.

> 1. Visit [Releases]({% link releases/index.md %}) and copy the link to the full CockroachDB binary you want to install.

Author: I will decline to make this change because the point is to reduce the likelihood of breakage during Cloud-first.

1. Save the following PowerShell script and replace the following:

>     - `{ DOWNLOAD_URL }`: the download URL.

Author: I am trying to get away from us having to maintain logic that shows the download URLs like this in favor of sending them to the official docs. If we are going to do what you suggest, we might as well just keep the `curl` commands around. This will always break when there is a Cloud-first phase.

>     - `{ DOWNLOAD_URL }`: the download URL.

Reviewer: I thought you might be doing that, but my main point is that the powershell snippet already contains a separate path that seems to be broken, unless I'm mistaken. 

```
cockroach/cockroach-{{ page.version.version }}.windows-6.2-amd64/cockroach.exe
```

    1. Check that the installation succeeded and that you can run `cockroach` commands:
        {% include_cached copy-clipboard.html %}
        ~~~ shell
        cockroach version
        ~~~

</section>

<section id="use-kubernetes" markdown="1" class="install-option">
<h2 id="install-kubernetes">Use Kubernetes</h2>

To orchestrate CockroachDB locally using [Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/), either with configuration files or the [Helm](https://helm.sh/) package manager, refer to [Orchestrate a local cluster with Kubernetes]({% link {{ page.version.version}}/orchestrate-a-local-cluster-with-kubernetes.md %}).

</section>

<section id="use-docker-windows" markdown="1" class="install-option">
<h2 id="install-docker">Use Docker</h2>

This section shows how to install CockroachDB on a Windows host using Docker. On a Linux or Windows Docker host, the image creates a Linux container.

{{site.data.alerts.callout_danger}}
Running a stateful application like CockroachDB in Docker is more complex and error-prone than most uses of Docker. Unless you are very experienced with Docker, we recommend starting with a different installation and deployment method.
{{site.data.alerts.end}}

> Docker images are [multi-platform images](https://docs.docker.com/build/building/multi-platform/) that contains binaries for both Intel and ARM. Multi-platform images do not take up additional space on your Docker host.

Author: Done

Intel binaries can run on ARM systems, but with a significant reduction in performance.

1. Install <a href="https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-windows/install/">Docker for Windows</a>.

    {{site.data.alerts.callout_success}}
    Docker for Windows requires 64-bit Windows 10 Pro and Microsoft Hyper-V. Refer to the [official documentation](https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-windows/install/#what-to-know-before-you-install) for more details. If your system does not satisfy the stated requirements, you can try using [Docker Toolbox](https://docs.docker.com/toolbox/overview/).
    {{site.data.alerts.end}}

1. In PowerShell, confirm that Docker is running in the background:

    {% include_cached copy-clipboard.html %}
    ~~~ powershell
    docker version
    ~~~

    If you see an error, verify your Docker for Windows installation, then try again.

> 1. [Share your local drives](https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-windows/#/shared-drives) so you can mount local directories as data volumes to persist node data after containers are stopped or deleted.

Author: Updated to https://docs.docker.com/desktop/synchronized-file-sharing/

> 1. [Enable synchronized drive sharing](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/synchronized-file-sharing/) so you can mount local directories as data volumes to persist node data after containers are stopped or deleted. so you can mount local directories as data volumes to persist node data after containers are stopped or deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Enable synchronized drive sharing](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/synchronized-file-sharing/) so you can mount local directories as data volumes to persist node data after containers are stopped or deleted.
```

Author: Done in all versions.

> 1. Pull the image for CockroachDB from [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/layers/{{page.release_info.docker_image}}/). <a id="win-docker-step3-{{ page.version.name }}"></a>. Releases are rolled out gradually, so the latest version may not yet be available. Using the `latest` tag is not recommended; to pull the latest release within a major version, use a tag like `latest-{{ page.version.version }}`. The following command always pulls the `{{ page.version.name }}` image.

Author: I'll decline this suggestion and acknowledge the 404 during Cloud-first. https://github.com/cockroachdb/docs/pull/18839 will address this feedback.

> 1. Pull the image for CockroachDB from [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/layers/{{page.release_info.docker_image}}/). <a id="win-docker-step3-{{ page.version.name }}"></a>. Releases are rolled out gradually, so the latest version may not yet be available. Using the `latest` tag is not recommended; to pull the latest release within a major version, use a tag like `latest-{{ page.version.version }}`. The following command always pulls the `{{ page.version.name }}` image.

Author: That's just a manual anchor to keep the previous ID working and jumping to this step. The anchor was widely linked. I can move the anchor to before the step number instead. Thanks.

>     {% include_cached copy-clipboard.html %}

Author: As discussed, that feedback is addressed in a followup PR.

> 1. <a id="win-docker-step3-{{ page.version.name }}"></a>Pull the image for CockroachDB from [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/layers/{{page.release_info.docker_image}}/). Releases are rolled out gradually, so the latest version may not yet be available. Using the `latest` tag is not recommended; to pull the latest release within a major version, use a tag like `latest-{{ page.version.version }}`. The following command always pulls the `{{ page.version.name }}` image.

Reviewer: I still think 2 things could be clearer:

1. Why is the `latest` tag not recommended; is it related to Cloud-first potentially giving a 404?

1. The "latest version may not yet be available" point seems buried given that (I assume) it's meant to explain why someone might get a 404. If I'm understanding correctly then something like "latest version may not be available and may lead to a 404" would be clearest. If I'm not understanding then nevermind.

Author: 1. `latest` tag is not recommended because it will replace your binary happily with the next major version without you intending to a download, and because it's not a recommended practice in the industry. `latest` means whatever a container producer means it to mean to them. Further, `latest` will get you v24.1 today instead of v24.2, which might be super confusing!
2. It may not yet be available during Cloud-first, and using `latest-v24.2` will not help if we are in the Cloud-first phase of v24.2.0, when there is no v24.2 Docker image available yet in any way. I can't solve that, so this sentence is an attempt to get them to go check on Docker Hub and grab the latest that they can, even if it's not yet for the version of the doc they are reading. The fully-qualified patch Docker tag will break during the Cloud-first phase of _every patch_, so I don't want to recommend it. Can you suggest an alternative?

Reviewer: I see, that intent wasn't clear to me. This wording fixes that and echoes the way it's written under `Download the executable`. Wdyt?

```suggestion
1. <a id="win-docker-step3-{{ page.version.name }}"></a>Visit [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/layers/{{page.release_info.docker_image}}/) and make a note of the full version of CockroachDB to pull. Releases are rolled out gradually, so the latest version may not yet be available. Using the `latest` tag is not recommended; to pull the latest release within a major version, use a tag like `latest-{{ page.version.version }}`. The following command always pulls the `{{ page.version.name }}` image.
```

Author: Done in all versions

<section id="use-kubernetes" markdown="1" class="install-option">
<h2 id="install-kubernetes">Use Kubernetes</h2>

To orchestrate CockroachDB locally using [Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/), either with configuration files or the [Helm](https://helm.sh/) package manager, refer to [Orchestrate a local cluster with Kubernetes]({% link {{ page.version.version}}/orchestrate-a-local-cluster-with-kubernetes.md %}).
</section>

<section id="use-docker-windows" markdown="1" class="install-option">
<h2 id="install-docker">Use Docker</h2>

This section shows how to install CockroachDB on a Windows host using Docker. On a Linux or Windows Docker host, the image creates a Linux container.

{{site.data.alerts.callout_danger}}
Running a stateful application like CockroachDB in Docker is more complex and error-prone than most uses of Docker. Unless you are very experienced with Docker, we recommend starting with a different installation and deployment method.
{{site.data.alerts.end}}

> For CockroachDB v22.2 and above, Docker images are [multi-platform images](https://docs.docker.com/build/building/multi-platform/) that contains binaries for both Intel and ARM. Multi-platform images do not take up additional space on your Docker host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CockroachDB Docker images are [multi-platform images](https://docs.docker.com/build/building/multi-platform/) that contain binaries for both Intel and ARM. Multi-platform images do not take up additional space on your Docker host.
```

Intel binaries can run on ARM systems, but with a significant reduction in performance.

1. Install <a href="https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-windows/install/">Docker for Windows</a>.

    {{site.data.alerts.callout_success}}

>     Docker for Windows requires 64bit Windows 10 Pro and Microsoft Hyper-V. Please see the <a href="https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-windows/install/#what-to-know-before-you-install">official documentation</a> for more details. Note that if your system does not satisfy the stated requirements, you can try using <a href="https://docs.docker.com/toolbox/overview/">Docker Toolbox</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Docker for Windows requires 64-bit Windows 10 Pro and Microsoft Hyper-V. Refer to the [official documentation](https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-windows/install/#what-to-know-before-you-install) for more details. If your system does not satisfy the stated requirements, you can try using [Docker Toolbox](https://docs.docker.com/toolbox/overview/).
```

    {{site.data.alerts.end}}

1. In PowerShell, confirm that Docker is running in the background:

    {% include_cached copy-clipboard.html %}
    ~~~ powershell
    docker version
    ~~~

    If you see an error, verify your Docker for Windows installation, then try again.

1. [Share your local drives](https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-windows/#/shared-drives) so you can mount local directories as data volumes to persist node data after containers are stopped or deleted.

> 1. Pull the image for CockroachDB from [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/{{page.release_info.docker_image}}/). <a id="win-docker-step3-{{ page.version.version }}"></a>:

Reviewer: This link is rendering as `https://hub.docker.com/r/cockroachdb/cockroach/`, so perhaps the variable isn't working as intended?

```suggestion
1. <a id="win-docker-step3-{{ page.version.version }}"></a> Pull the image for CockroachDB from [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/{{page.release_info.docker_image}}/):
```

    {% include_cached copy-clipboard.html %}
    ~~~ powershell

>     docker pull {{ page.release_info.docker_image }}:{{ page.version.version }}

Reviewer: Do we need the user to supply a patch number here too?
```suggestion
    docker pull {{ page.release_info.docker_image }}:{{ page.version.version }}.{ PATCH_NUMBER }
```

Author: Done, a different way.
